[Music]
through the roof I don't know what to
expect from this I've never been to one
of these events before you know you got
marques I just seen Jonathan Morrison
making quality content from stuff like
this and we're just gonna we're just
gonna see how this goes
my first Apple I'm already running kind
of late to me to hurry
[Music]
I found my seats it's almost go time I'm
so excited
I have great company as to me squad
squad squad and my cousin Jonathan just
got here look at this pathetic
and whether it's like a youtuber classic
18 to 35 Sigma basically go to his video
for all the good crispy stuff guys is
happening
Northern California's Bay Area here is
the stage for a truly remarkable natural
occurrence about my top 5 in at number
one this is very simple but you no
longer have to hold down on apps to
force close them you just do a simple
swipe you swipe in they're gone it
should have been that way from the get
go I said own screenshots anyone I feel
like I take 30 a day well no longer will
it take a screenshot if the iPhone
screen is locked and you press the power
and volume button number two for me is
Siri shortcut there are certain routines
in my life and it would be amazing to
just say hey Siri good morning and it
automatically puts an order at Starbucks
for my coffee
turn on all of my lights whether they're
Phillips hue or lifx
and maybe you start playing some jazz
music that cool I think the
possibilities are endless it's super
cool talking to the actual developers
and people behind that are gonna use a
lot of the new features that were rolled
out today but this one is special
because I love fills every time I come
to LA or San Francisco I gotta get that
mint mojito coffee you know it's so good
so Francisco is gonna talk a little bit
as to what we
though great thing of the IRS rob is a
serious shortcuts and that shortcuts you
can personalize and you know create
whatever words you want in the shortcuts
so you can say okay it's mint mojito
time and then it will tell you what time
your memory is going to be ready and
then you can also what's really great is
actually integrating this product with a
watch so with the Apple watch is going
to be amazing because you also will be
able to order the watch from the watch
itself so let's say you enjoy hiking
throughout the streets of Manhattan
right and you leave your phone at home
you can actually also do the ordering
you know through the watch so that's
going to be coming out later okay I
might be crazy but there's no fills
coffee on the East Coast right DC okay
so maybe Yami you easy to get into the
Penn Station I'm just like who do I need
to talk to you Phyllis coffee and I'm
Jake I need it okay
Jake owes you're out there I'm sending
you a very light intensity mail so I'm
gonna set it by shot number 3 MIMO G
WWDC was sick the keynote was so good if
you follow me on Twitter I was just
tweeting all the things and look this is
the new me emoji it's me
look at my hair look now there's tongue
detection confession I don't use an
emoji that much it's just it's like it's
kind of like gimmicky it's fine
but the moment I started to make my own
little avatar like and we you guys
remember we I became so intrigued now
this might be a somber commentary on
society about oh my gosh we're like so
obsessed with ourselves that we even
need like a cartoon version of ourselves
but I think it's a super fun way to
communicate with friends to you know
post the socials with your an emoji
I think it's fun you guys have been
doing it on snapchat with bitmoji for a
while so rest in peace bitmoji since
snapchat has been dead for a minute now
I'm sorry if I offended any of you guys
did you guys still snapchat I chopped
that the moment Instagram stories became
nothing
[Music]
the report comes in with group
notifications and facetiming up to 32
people everyone has been making the same
joke Wow I don't even have 32 friends
which is honestly probably true but
we're gonna make that happen let's make
this 32 percent FaceTime happen maybe
we'll do one with peach again it's
legitimately don't think I have that
many friends
group notifications everyone knows that
iPhone notifications have been a mess
for a very long time so there's not much
to say other than thumbs up on Android
forever
number five comes in on all of the Mac
OS updates honestly maybe this should
have been number one if I'm ranking them
because it's probably what I got the
most excited about iOS updates kind of
underwhelming but still exciting it's
cool I might have expected more updates
from the serious side of things but
again I think the shortcuts and
suggestions are going to be super
exciting but Mac oh I have a confession
I am one of those people with a terrible
messy desktop so now the new Mac OS
Mojave is going to automatically
organize your screenshots your documents
that you throw onto your desktop by date
kind tags the sky's the limit
no more messy desktop you can also scrub
your stacks the stalk there's a new view
I've never used Cover Flow but gallery
view I think is going to be super
helpful I'm someone who just copies over
photos onto my hard drives onto my
actual computer I don't actually use
photos a lot so having those contextual
actions when we're viewing things in the
finder whether it's a photo you can turn
around the photo you can see what camera
what lens you use you can do so many
things now just from finder in the new
sidebar where it gives you all of that
information so gallery view
yay Sarah why don't you use photos or it
used to be iPhoto because
don't trust all of my pictures being in
an app that is continually like updated
and maybe if I don't update a photos
library then like three versions after
that it's not gonna know what it wants
to do with that and then you lose all
your pictures I had one corrupted iPhoto
library and I lost out on a lot of
pictures so never again never again
they're just on my hard drive they're in
organized folders and so having new
finder views and better ways to organize
this just your finder is helpful let's
have an incredible week together thank
you
I am so excited about MIMO G obviously
and the F watch walkie-talkie I'm super
excited about all the watch OS updates
and now you can finally track yoga on
your app watch thank you guys are we all
gonna find 30 friends and FaceTime I
know I'm gonna have to find like yeah
that's one more first thing that I was
really excited about was the measure app
okay okay measure app alone in that but
I'm also all the watch OS stuff because
they finally added hiking as well
usually I would just look like I'm on a
walk I can't wait all right you're up I
still need to set up my iPhone 10 some a
little behind the times here the 6s
don't even don't buy it the MIMO G
thinks very tempting and also the the
ruler thing yes I always like have to go
walk up stairs on my top floor to get
the tape measure and not having to do
that so
not even I'm out here with my girl
Alexis huh so a little while ago you
came by the office and we did a little
interview tell me about what you've just
launched so I just launched my website
it's called cozy New York you can just
but it's basically a media platform that
I'm using to foster and accurate
portrayal of my interview with Sarah
here about email like bloggers and
youtubers on more of the tech space
instead of like the in fashion and stuff
like that we just had a really cool
conversation and you should definitely
check it out New York calm it was an
honor I met you at the coda classy event
got to hang out your BFF may be my new
BFF ever lost hit me let's hang out girl
go up to you bring your head I was told
not to bring anything bigger than a
backpack but I you breaking the mood
break down yeah homeport is our app next
team is mobile AI company home cause an
app which just food an app phone camera
can track and can possible shots
real-time fully device no sensors no
special passports no complete
installations I have to say I used to be
quite a baller myself okay I played
basketball in high school so I'm
interested in this okay so we'll do a
quick demo good yeah so if you please
and hold your camera like this viii I
automatically recognize the hoop and the
tomatillo quality
and what's your test start it was that
campaign make this cutting location real
time again all happening real time no
sensors just your phone yeah I'm giving
the app and video right now yeah so that
it runs on top of the video it's like
live tracking right now
fiance I know where you are you can just
zoom in and let you be view you're
sitting bombed in slow motion so we were
thinking how do you bring that same
experience that a cyclist or - runner
gets in you know applications that use
today and how do we bring that same
experience to a basketball player into
other sports and so that's kind of how
we started Stephanie we call em out you
okay which was a batch prediction we are
going to like optimize the app further
and we can actually do more in the app
real time so now you can see that we can
do Magnus and location real time you can
actually wear AI do you like how far how
high you jump how fast you run let your
babies time physical moment catch the
ball for the moment you release the ball
I will actually set up this entire
podcasting setup at WWDC and guess what
you guys get a bonus podcast this week
yay so this past Monday I interviewed my
friend Max who has traveled over a
hundred countries and has set out to go
to every single country in the world the
best link down in the description below
if you have not checked it out yet but
today I released a podcast featuring
WWDC scholars so this is you getting the
opinions of actual developers people who
are in the middle of this what their
thoughts are on the conference but also
what projects they're working on and how
code and powers them to do these just
insane epic things
Jovie is one of those scholars that
interview
she is just crushing it she's only 16
years old her mom was actually featured
in the final WWDC video of the keynote I
just have so many things to say about
her and all the other people so that
podcast is linked down in the
description below there's no video
attached to it but it's just a bonus
episode on Apple podcast google play
overcast wherever you guys listen to
podcast thank you guys so much for
joining me to my first ever Apple event
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week all of the
podcast links are down in the
description until next time guys stay
peachy okay
[Music]
you